Day1:
In github, we had to create a new repo with a readme and a short description,
after that lets open the bash terminal and use:
-git init 
-git clone https://github.com/matiasecharri/Coffee-Oasis.git
Then we had the repo cloned in our pc.

After that we are going to create the index.html and add the "assets" folder for the images and the "style.css"

Now, we are going to push all of this new changes to github. 

Lets create a new branch: 
git branch nameofthenewbranch 
And lets move to this new branch: 
git checkout nameofthenewbranch
git add . (if you want to add all the changes)
git commit -m "a description of what you do" 
git push origin nameofthenewbranch

Now lets change the Document name, link bootrstrap and create the nav.

Day2: This day was about finding a beautiful aestethic for the website. I like this actual version, but is pretty improveable.
I adopted a vertical nav made of icons, im thinking about a horizontal scroll
website, but probably i will do that with react in my next project.

Day3: First of all we are going to add some mediaqueries to the main page.

14:36 All mediaqueries added to the main page, think im gonna start with the shop section. 


Day4: Today is really productive day, i fix some issues in the mainscreen with the 
soya sausage animation, mediaqueries in screen1 are finished. Sreen2 and mediaqueries 
for screen2 are finished too.


//IMPORTANT //IMPORTANT //IMPORTANT //IMPORTANT //IMPORTANT DAY5
//IMPORTANT: height: min-content will contain the text into the div when u zoom.

I want to add a "writting effect" in the screen, parallax, and a gallery updown to screen3, after
that is just footer and go for the next section, maybe sound effects.


Day5: Writting effect added :), tommorrow is day for the gallery and parallax.

Day6: Parallax effect added, smooth effect added, gallery added, i need to add footer and mediqueries for the images and thats all with the main screen.

Day7: Image problem fixed, no more lagg in screen1, fix mediaqueries screen1, fix some issues in screen1, mockup shop created, mediaqueries shop created.
Today was very productive, i think tomorrow is finally Javascript day, i have to add some inputs in the shop section and then we go.TEST REPO

Day7.5: Relax day, no code

Day8: Searchbar added, photos added, checkboxadded.
Need to create a JSON.api to consume and create the 
shop sections.


Day9: Mediaqueries for mobile done, need to do some adjust in 1366x768 resolution.

Day10: The API is created, next step is to translate the api to JSON api to get the items correctly.

Day10.5: Today im not coding, was an exclusive day for update my cv and pay attention to linkedin, tommorrow Day11.

Day10.6: Today im not coding, was a day for apply jobs tomorrow oficially Day11 i promise.

Day11: JSON Created and API consumed, all cards are printed now, this is how u can get some api in your JS

async function obteniendoMasCromo() {
  let davidMartinezConsume = await fetch(
    "https://my-json-server.typicode.com/matiasecharri/nippon-bites/products"
  );
  davidMartinezConsume = await davidMartinezConsume.json();
  console.log(davidMartinezConsume)
}
obteniendoMasCromo()

Remember u need yo use "async function" await fetch and await 


Day11.5: Cards printed.

Day11.6: Better code.

Day12: Practice the print and promise fetch.

Day13: Searchbar is now filtering but i need to understand better how it works before add button filters.

Day13.5: Practicing searchbar to better understand.